Quick start: update version and TiUP playground supports M1 silicon (#6149)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

        ```

        > **Note:**

>         > With TiDB v5.2.0 or a later version, `tiup playground` command can be executed on the machine that uses the Apple M1 chip.       

Author: according to the removed part (line 26), I guess `tiup playground` is a command line, but I think the revised translation is more  clear to understand

>         > TiDB v5.2.0 or a later version supports running `tiup playground` on the machine that uses the Apple M1 chip.
>         > For the playground operated in this way, after the test deployment is finished, TiUP will clean up the original cluster data. You will get a new cluster after re-running the command.
>         > If you want the data to be persisted on storage，run `tiup --tag <your-tag> playground ...`. For details, refer to [TiUP Reference Guide](/tiup/tiup-reference.md#-t---tag).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > + SInce v5.2.0, TiDB supports running `tiup playground` on the machine that uses the Apple M1 chip.
        > + For the playground operated in this way, after the test deployment is finished, TiUP will clean up the original cluster data. You will get a new cluster after re-running the command.
        > + If you want the data to be persisted on storage，run `tiup --tag <your-tag> playground ...`. For details, refer to [TiUP Reference Guide](/tiup/tiup-reference.md#-t---tag).
```

        ```

        > **Note:**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        >
```

        ```

        > **Note:**

>         > + Since v5.2.0, TiDB supports running `tiup playground` on the machine that uses the Apple M1 chip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

        > + Since v5.2.0, TiDB supports running `tiup playground` on the machine that uses the Apple M1 chip.
```

6. Access the [TiDB Dashboard](/dashboard/dashboard-intro.md) at <http://127.0.0.1:2379/dashboard>. The default username is `root`, with an empty password.

> 7. Access the Grafana dashboard of TiDB at <http://127.0.0.1:3000>. Both the default username and password are `admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Access the Grafana dashboard of TiDB via <http://127.0.0.1:3000>. Both the default username and password are `admin`.
```
